# Python-EDA-
For a private buyer or seller who are new to the used-car market, a common confusion is about what to be expected. Therefore, this project attempts to provide a used-car evaluation service based on the on-line listing information. The objective of the project is to discuss the features of used-car with regard to its influence on the market price. Based on such analysis, a model for price prediction could be constructed in order to provide a real-time used-car evaluation service. The final product takes features (vehicle type, make, year, Engine Fuel Type, Engine HP Driven Type , Transmission, Vehicle Style, MPG .) of a used-car as input and output a prediction of price. Moreover, it should be capable of producing an interval prediction as price range, and it should be able to handle missing features so that the user can make a query even when they are not clear about certain feature. As a more ambitious attempt, we tried a regression model and PCA Principal Component Models – Reduced similar dimensions, in order to ease the data we reduced similar dimensions that adds the same value to the data. Youtube link for presentation: https://youtu.be/5MiuaSN34oU  The data used in the following analysis is taken from Edmunds. It contains 10,000 observations of 16 features. We attempted to experiments with all the techniques learned in the class, tried our hands on cleaning and using functions, later we see a detailed visualization. And in last we have our models and PCA.
